Like I should say face she's because face you face you for the clarification yeah audio only format, you know
Look at that reinvent hoodie. Yeah, is it chilly got to get a touch of it is chilly here. Oh, yeah
You're in Miami. It's never cold there. Yeah, it's like my first year going through the whole
Seasonal cycle and like not being in sync with the rest of the country. I guess it's been really chilly
It's been nice. We've had like 38 degrees in the morning Fahrenheit for international listeners
I don't know if that isn't Celsius zero maybe I don't know
It's been really chilly. It's like fall is here
And it's official and I'm very excited. Do you know how I like noticed it?
There were some video going around of like just some it looked like it was in New York
Someone was getting into a fight and I was like, oh, they're all wearing
like a sweater
Just like whenever viral videos going around like that's the only way I can really keep track of seasons by what people are wearing
Yeah, it's actually this is cold now
Miami like it's only the very tip of Florida like the very south
Tip of Florida that is like the very tropical weather like if you go up to Orlando, even is it start getting cooler?
I guess I don't know if you go to Orlando ever. I have no idea. I know very little about Florida
Uh, I don't know if I'm ever gonna know much more
You like my name and you're not really in Florida
No, I just remember when we moved down there it was like
The only that south tip of Florida that you can actually grow like tropical things. Like you can't just like all of Florida is not like that
It's it's a very narrow little strip at the bottom
The farming stuff is interesting to me though because when we were in New York, we did uh, so we had two great options in New York
So uh for half the year mostly in the spring summer and beginning of the fall
uh, we signed up for a
You basically partner with the farm and the farm
Gives you like every two weeks or like every week a farm shape box of yeah, I'm sure exactly. Yeah, we did
um
and it was great because
you would uh
Like there would be seasons and there would be certain crops that were in season and you would get them
And Liz had this amazing cookbook that uh was all about cooking seasonally
You just work through the cookbook and you line up with the stuff that was in season for that part of the world
Yeah, uh, then also we had like great farmers markets that were in uh
kind of the middle of the city pretty close to us and we recently found out the reason that
Those farmers markets even existed initially. We were like, okay. There's a lot of people in New York
That's why the farmers markets are there
But it was actually more that there's a lot of restaurants in New York and those farmers markets were there primarily to like do business with
Restaurants not necessarily buying stuff on the spot more like them coming and sampling and doing all that
So us as normal people got to benefit from that
But here in Miami, we've gone to a few farmers markets and that it really hasn't been very good
To be honest and a bunch of them. We were very convinced. They just were just reselling grocery store
Stuff
You know how the berries come in like to the company called driscoll like the strawberries raspberry
They that's what they had there like the labels and i was like, why would this be a
So we don't have that but we did find a farm to do a thing with but
And we haven't started yet like it's gonna start
Maybe a month or so
But like this concept of seasons eating seasonally is probably very different here and liz thinks that there probably isn't
An equivalent book so she wants to figure it out and make it. Yeah, but yeah, we have no idea what like eating seasonally here
Even means like is it just without the floor south florida or like do we also get stuff from
Like northern and central florida. Yeah, do people come down to Miami and sell their other things
Yeah, I guess like Miami you can grow other stuff
It's just you have access to growing more things right like you can still grow normal crops
That's what I was that's what i'm not sure of or maybe the soil so different. I don't know
Yeah, maybe it's too hot. I don't know but I mean I love tropical fruits
Like I love tropical fruit and it's awesome to have that be local like your local fruit is tropical fruit
but like that doesn't
Make-up meals. Yeah, you know more than that. It's just like bonuses
Yeah, I love the farm share thing. It makes you like eat a bunch of different vegetables
You wouldn't normally pick at the grocery store. It's just kind of like what are we getting this week?
Yeah, that's a fun time. Yeah, having that like constraint also just simplify stuff because you just
Have to make any decisions. You just get a bunch of stuff and you gotta yep find a way to cook it
Um, yeah, that book is called six seasons for anyone listening, but there's only four seasons
No, but there's actually six why if you look at if you look at it by food
Uh, joshua mcfadden. I think is the author
Interesting super super popular book. Uh and everything in there is
Is so good. Um, yeah, some of it so much so much of it is like
I think a lot of people here
Uh, like you being vegan or like people being vegetarian and they just picture
People eating boiled broccoli here
But the stuff in this book is insane. It's not like a vegetarian book
There's like meat and everything but yeah, a lot of it is around cooking the vegetables that are in season and
It's like such crazy stuff like it'll be like here's a way to cook radishes and you just you would not believe how good
They taste like they taste so so good and all it is is like
Just a vegetable and a few steps and it's like yeah, one of the most delicious things you've ever eaten
Radishes, huh? We eat a lot of beets around here. Not a lot of radishes. Love beets pickled beets
One of my favorites. I think i'm saying radishes, but i'm not imagining. Well, imagine is not radish
It's a small thing that looks like a radish, but it's really small
That's like this big. Okay. Is that a radish? I don't know. I think radishes might be small
Radishes look like a small beat to me. I think oh, I don't like turnips. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I don't like turnips
I can tell you that I don't like the taste of them
Yeah, I think radishes are just little beets
Yeah, okay, I got it right there. Don't come at me like horticulture experts
Horticulture is that what this is is it agriculture what what is horticulture?
Did I make that word out? I don't know what no it is a word. I don't know what it means
To me in my head. It's like a more specific narrow form of agriculture garden cultivation and management. It's the arter garden. Yes
Got it
So, yeah, do you guys grow anything at home? We do
We grew this year. So we always grow like the normal stuff tomatoes
Zucchini, which they go nuts
This year we grew some melons and they took over we have watermelon and cantaloupe that were just
Everywhere like the leaf part was everywhere. We didn't get a lot of good watermelon out of it
Like I don't know what was wrong with them. Some of them were big
They just weren't that tasty. I don't know what the trick is
I know how to pick out a tasty one at the store. I don't know how to grow a tasty one
You get the pre-sliced one like ryan florence melt pre-sliced what they what do you miss this? I missed it
Okay, this is gonna be funny for you to pretend i'm not on twitter. Did you not see so ryan florence
Like the remix
ryan
He go wasted
He posted a picture
Of like his he like once or grows sort and put it all on his kitchen counter and he posted a picture
Yeah
And it went like stupid viral and like people were roasting
Him that means stupid people were trying to roast him
I couldn't believe how viral it went because literally lizzes friends were sending
her that tweet or like pictures like it gets like
screenshotted and put on instagram and then copied to red that is much
Yeah, so i've made it most the tech circle made it out of the tech circle
That might be the most viral thing i've ever seen from someone that i like directly know
Yeah, huh, it was everywhere, but what was the deal with the watermelon?
He got sliced he had he had sliced watermelon and everyone was like
Everyone hates pre-sliced fruit because it's like it's such a luxury
Uh, but ryan had a really funny explanation
He was like because he just broke his collarbone. He was like, yeah, I picked up the watermelon and like my collar bone
Hurt so I grabbed the slice one
That's awesome
I uh, I love cut fruit. I uh, we don't I don't think we get a lot of well
I guess so we do get like chunked watermelon. I guess that's pre-cut watermelon
We see that at the store, but I don't never see that. I don't know whole slices of it
What is chunked? Oh, just like they're cute. That is what it was. That's what it was. That keeps okay
I was just picturing like slices of watermelon in a package. I don't know. I just
Sounded different to me. Well, people would hate you if they found out that's what you were getting interesting cut fruit of the luxury
Huh, there's probably a lot of stuff in my life. I don't realize they're a luxury that are luxury
Yeah, I think it's because it's like doubly expensive and it probably is like twice as expensive as I guess
Okay, another very like luxury thing. I don't actually know what suit costs. Yeah, it's I know it's expensive
I do know it's gotten more expensive because I remember one day
Uh, we were at mama jeans and it rung up like $650 or something. I can't ever remember spending more than like $400
As a grocery that was it was like we go to the grocery store. It's like $400
It was like 650. So that's that was something
inflation or something. Yeah, we noticed it too. Like me and liz are
Consistent like coming close to $200 for the week. That's just the edge for two people
Yeah, that's why we're getting that much crazy stuff out of there. Yeah, it's getting out of hand
Yeah, we can do it. That's one air. It is one area that I'm like very okay spending money
Yeah, no, same
So just kind of the thing we spend most of our money on actually yeah, I thought I was thinking about this other day like how
Stuff just caused such like a wide range of money
But then if you think about it in terms of joy that it brings you sometimes some luxury goods are actually super affordable
And the reason I was thinking about this was
So my soap that I use in the shower. Yeah, it is that fancy
I'm freaking breaking the brand now. What's that fancy soap brand? It has all like the fancy stores
Uh, oh wait, so we get a fancy soap called uh
Oh, no, I don't know if they have stores
I can't remember the name. I'm sorry. I think it starts with this. Okay, not going to help you
It's I think it's local nevermind their stores are really cool and all they sell are like
Just like this like one kind of soap. I mean they have like a different flavors or whatever
Um flavors if you look at it
It's all like it's all like uh
Food related flavors. Oh like it's always like citrus or like coriander and all these things that you expect. Yeah, I gotcha
Oh, I got a bunch of about popcorn too after this. Oh, okay
That's random
So if you look at it if someone saw me getting soap from there, they would be like oh, that's like the most excessive
Luxurious thing because yeah one bottle of soap is expensive. It's like 50 or 60 books. Yeah, but
You can look at it another way where it's like
Well in a year. I need two of those so it's a hundred bucks
And it makes every single day of my life. Yes, meaningfully better like anytime. I go take a shower. It is like
So much better
And there's so many things in life. You would just drop a hundred dollars on that are way less impactful
So that's like the it pinned me of a luxury good, but
I don't see it as a luxury good because it just so like the ratio
Yeah, yeah, it's I feel about my sauna and my cold plunge every day of my life. They're worth the investment
Can I say something without uh all the financial nerds coming at me?
I like buying new stuff
I it brings me joy to buy something that's new and I feel bad when it's been used. I don't know maybe that's terrible
I'm destroying the planet or something. I'm sorry, but
There you go. I'm gonna buy a new stuff so other people can buy old exactly. I sell a lot of stuff
Used to other people who don't mind buying you stuff. So I've gone the other way where for some reason my whole life
My I just was just I was just like unaware that you could buy things secondhand
and I think it was like it's like a weird cultural thing like for me from my mom like the idea of
having something secondhand is like
really
Weird to her not because she's like
Super rich or anything like just because it wasn't an option. Yeah, it's just like I don't know but no not even that like now
If we talk about it to her it's like some core thing in her where it feels weird
But I don't I don't understand where it comes from because I'm sure like when she grew up in india like stuff was
Secondhand all the time. Yeah, but if she has like a weird thing was growing up. I never
Just it just didn't register me. That was an option
So now all of a sudden I'm like, oh, I can buy things secondhand and it feels like I'm twice as rich as I was before
Because now all this stuff that I wouldn't consider buying it's like an option now or like it's like a crazy discount
So I'm like realizing I'm realizing that. Oh, yeah, I'm like realizing that
That's an option like yeah, it's a psychological thing for me. I must have your mom's issue like for me
There's something about
Someone had it and did stuff with it before me. I just I can't do it
It's not like I like the new car smell. It's not like that. It's just like
I want to know that it came from the people who made it and it is in my hands
That's probably terrible financially environmentally whatever
It brings me joy. Okay. So every single thing I buy brings me joy get off me
That says it's soap. I have all the things I purchased
Yes, I have my hundred dollar soap and you have all these other things
Uh, so then speaking of things to buy so my friend just got really into popcorn recently
Okay, and he's he showed weird flex but okay
It's not a flex. I know
Uh, he got into this thing called the whirly pop and this is
uh again going back to
Ratio of like cost impact it's a $30 thing. It's it's just it's just like a pot that you put on your
So yeah, it has a gahank crank that like spins everything inside of it. Okay
To pop your popcorn more evenly
So yeah, basically you put the corn kernels in there and you spin it and that makes it something about that makes so it pops
As fast as like microwave popcorn. So it's like done within okay a couple minutes
So it's almost as convenient and there's no kernels left over and it is burning. Okay. No burning at all. Yeah, uh, so I got one
Last week and I tried it and always add so or was that a new?
No, I got a new so 30 plus
Say it's also not like the most well-built things. I don't know if it's gonna last to make it second hand, but yeah
And then they like
Give you all this like fancy. Okay. I don't know what how much of a difference like the corn makes like how good can you make the corn?
But it did taste very very good and all we did was add salt like we didn't even have butter
Uh, and it was very good. So this is upgraded my popcorn
by like double I would say wow now we're never watching you fold an order of magnitude
Yeah, is that an order of magnitude? I never know what that that phrase is. I always okay in my head
I use it all the time, but in my head, it's like
For me, it means like oh, it's not like a 5% gain
It's like a multiple gain and then whenever it's that I say order of magnitude. Yeah, I think it's like if you
Not how it works. I think it's like if you go from 10,000 to a hundred thousand
It's like the next zero. Yeah. Yeah, zero. Okay. So two times would not be an order of magnitude
My my mistake, but in my head it is. Okay, so then it worked
So I as a person who gets into a lot of things did not know you could get into popcorn. I'm interested though
You've got me entry. Do you guys eat popcorn? Oh, you got a movie theater. We yeah
So we buy just like the it's a lesser evil they make like a bunch of different flavors of popcorn
It's just a microwave. No, it's just a bag
I was like warm. I'm realizing now. Wait, you're just buying pre popular. You got a long way to go
I am so far from being into popcorn. I really gotta stop it up. Just a pre-popped one
No, it's it's really I'm gonna be on the forums like mr. pop or whatever the forum is for popcorn
I'm gonna be deep in this stuff. You're $30 a little whirly whatever
Whirly just wait. Just wait. Here's the thing brass. Okay. Go ahead. What they do sell a copper one
Which is like $60
Yeah, I think this is uh, I don't know to me. I'm like, okay. This is great. Every time I watch a movie
I'm just gonna have to routine of making a popcorn. Yeah, and you can do a lot of faults
And like you can put real butter on it. Whatever you want. Mm-hmm. Yeah
You can use grass fed corn kernels or whatever
Oh
What is mind-blowing to me is how little corn makes so much popcorn like oh really whatever you're imagining
It's like five times less than you're imagining like a bowl of like corn the number of little kernels
I think like how much per cob. Okay. I see enough popcorn or like really fill you up
Is like less than one cob of corn. Oh interesting. Yeah, because I guess there's a lot of little kernels on a cob
Wow, but it makes no something because I can eat a cob of corn with like no worries
Yeah, but you can just eat popcorn for a long time like a big bowl of popcorn
Yeah popcorn is one of those snacks. You can just like I like something I can eat a lot of volume of and it's not a lot of like
Density. Yeah, but I think when you add the salt and the butters are to feel well sure. Yeah
Feel like more because I get pretty full eating popcorn. Really. Do you ever eat the honeycomb cereal
Grown-up or still I haven't had it before it is very good. All that stuff. It's just candy though
It is. Yeah, but it comes in like a box like three times bigger than any other cereal box
Because you can literally just eat the entire box and not notice like there's no
Whatever substance to it. It's like in a lot of cereals of that way, but honeycomb takes the prize for
I could eat the most honeycomb without ever feeling full
Like bowl upon bowl upon bowl. Do you guys do breakfast? Like what do you have a breakfast routine?
We don't really do the same things. So
I generally so lately I've done this like smoothie. I make it's just got everything in it
But then like this morning, it's just too cold. It got cold and a cold smoothie. Just not do it for me
Like I'm in pants and a hoodie
So I made a little oatmeal with cherries in it and then I take a half a block of tofu
And I crumble it up in a bowl and I season it with
Turmeric is it turmeric or turmeric? I've always heard turmeric
And it is the spice of my people so you should it's how it's spelled, but we've always said turmeric
And then I'm like, oh, we're from Missouri, so we're probably just
We live in the Ozark
Uh, so turmeric and black pepper and that's a little salsa and avocado on it. It's delicious
It's a little tofu scramble. So that's why I did this morning. So the reason I'm asking is because
Uh, I love Miami, but I think that we don't
Have good breakfast. We have great others like everything else, but
uh, growing over the northeast
So in the town that i'm from randomly there's like an extremely famous bagel place there like, uh, it's been on tv shows and stuff
And a treat would be going there and getting a jalapeno bagel pork roll with cheese
And this is like the most delicious thing in the world. The bagel itself is so good
Pork roll, classic new jersey thing the cheese amazing
Um, then in new york, obviously bagel like great bagels, which is everywhere
So like a really good breakfast
Under 10 bucks, but so like fantastic you just go grab a really good bagel. Yeah, there's not a single good bagel in Miami
I've tried a bunch interesting. There's one that people say is like good and i'm like, okay, it is like decent compared to other stuff, but
We just struggle like there's no good bagel option. So that means that if we want to like do some kind of
Breakfast on saturday where we're not making it
There's just not an option. I'm like, I don't know how to resolve this
I mean, I guess we make all of our breakfast. We don't really have a breakfast option where we can go somewhere
But if you wanted to get a bagel like do you guys eat bagels?
They eat bagels almost every morning, uh, we just we get them at the store and we put well
They're just like grocery store bagels that we put in the toaster
They're okay. I don't know that we've gone through a lot of different ones to find the ones they like at the grocery store
Uh, but they put like paper and jelly on them. So I don't know the bagel doesn't really shine. Oh, it's not like a bagel
You'd get it a place. I'm sure. I mean, maybe i've just been spoiled by growing up where I grew up because isn't like new york
Like the bagel place like that's where you get the bagels
Yeah, and it just it's just confusing to me when something is that popular
It's not like more replicated and everyone has like their weird explanation of it
There's like the water is different and that makes the bagels come out bad or like the air is different
So I need kind of like bait type of thing. Well, the air being different
Known for its excellent water and air quality. That's what I hear
Maybe the point is not to be excellent. Oh, the poor quality. Yeah, okay
Just whatever whatever's going on there produces. Huh, New York and New Jersey's fantastic bagels across the board
Interesting pizza like pizzas also like not well replicated across the country and that's also kind of confusing
Yeah, what food does Miami have?
I mean, you got mangoes if we had mangoes growing in our backyard. That's what we need for breakfast every day
Well, mangoes don't grow every single day. Oh, that's true. Okay. That's what that's what sucks about
Farming in general. It's like you go most of the year not having something and then for a two-month span
You have way too much of it. Yeah, you can't spread it out. Yeah, it's like grains
You can put in a big silo and like last year all year, but tropical fruit
Just gonna rain down one day now. You gotta make marmalade now. That's the best you can do marmalade. There you go
Yeah, oh some mango marmalade sounds are really good right now. Sorry. We have really good just
Everything else besides breakfast like I have uh, I mean, this isn't a year vegan. So this doesn't work
But like we have like crazy good
uh
Like barbecue like but like not like American barbecue more like South American barbecue
Which I really really like we have that in Kansas City right here. There's a lot of barbecue
I'm just trying to relate with you. I'm trying to
I live in New York. We're close to Kansas City
Yeah, so we like I'm fine everywhere. It's just the breakfast like last week
We did go to brunch and there was we went to a really good spot and it was really delicious
But you know it was a chicken sandwich. I got a chicken sandwich which for breakfast. Oh for brunch
And it was really really good, but you know, it's not it's not a really classic breakfast. Yeah
Yeah, we make a lot of waffles
Do you guys ever make like pancakes or waffles at home? No, but there is a spot
We go do that does these really good banana pancakes, which I'm not even usually a fan of
Banana stuff, but banana. These are
Wow, like very good. You're not a fan of banana stuff. Oh man. We eat so many bananas. I like bananas themselves
Yeah, I like bananas. Just not them in stuff like banana bread or actually maybe I do like banana
You're a banana guy. It turns out
I'm never out there trying to like get banana stuff, but if it's around I guess I enjoy it
We used to buy bananas by the box and this was before we had the boys like just Casey and I we bought a
literal box of bananas every other week because we freeze them and we make banana ice cream
Uh, so good. Have you ever had banana ice cream? I feel like most of the world has not happened in ice cream
And you guys are missing out. Okay, it's delicious. This tastes like vanilla ice cream
Yeah, okay
You see freezer bananas when they're nice and ripe like a perfect banana goes in the freezer
Uh, and then you just blend it up and it makes just the bananas blend it up when they're frozen
Makes this like soft serve vanilla ice cream taste and texture. It's that easy. It's that easy
Well, so there's a bit of a science to like
One we're just constantly having to keep bananas in a cycle to where we have like
And put them in a bag so that they're already kind of easy to drop into the blender
You don't just put like a whole banana in there. It's really hard to peel once they're frozen
Uh, but yeah, it's that easy. You put them in a blender if you've got a good blender
We've got a Vitamix that does great with it. You got ice cream in like one minute
Yeah, there's a bunch of things like that where it's actually easy once you have the logistics down. Yeah
Like it's a little bit of learning
Uh, it's very easy to make but like you need to have
certain habits around it
Interesting. Oh for stretches. We'd go through different kicks. Like we'll do chocolate cherry
We'll do like cocoa and peanut butter in it and you can just put whatever in it to flavor it and man
It's good. It's so good and it's bananas. So there's no like sugar dump. You don't feel like
I don't know if you eat a big bowl of ice cream. Oh, bananas are great
Yeah, I used to and I still eat like when I was I was playing a lot of sports growing up
I'd always just eat bananas in the morning
And sometimes I just like go by I think I've been as an eat them during warm-up at the beginning because they're like
Yeah, perfect. Oh, yeah, they're great for pre-workout. Yeah, yeah, yeah
They're bananas are good breakfast. Oh, yeah, great breakfast
Do you like all the different varieties of bananas since you have access in Miami my sore banana the best banana wait, which one my sore
That is those indian
I'm not sure tastes like a it literally tastes like a like a green apple. It's delicious
Yeah, I had a banana here
Last year and I was like this is a multiple just thing I've ever eaten
But I didn't keep track of like where it came from. Yeah, but yeah, it's like I think we've already talked about this
Banana and all that we're gonna. Oh, we're gonna run out of stuff to talk about eventually
Like we are not interesting enough people. We're gonna eventually cycle back through every single topic, aren't we?
Yeah, I guess not if tech not if tech keeps on being tech and giving us new things to talk about
Well, is there any new things in tech for this week? I don't know. I've been really hits down
Like what feels like a year. Is there anything new going on? What what? Yeah, what tell me catch me. Oh, that's nothing
Let me oh there's nothing. There is really nothing
Oh, I heard uh centuries donating much of money to open source and people got mad
There wasn't enough money
Why are people like this? It's just like
I can't imagine a more annoying trait than
I know who are these people in person like
Have we ever run into these people in person? I just didn't notice that
Oh, that's those jerks to me. This is such an egregious thing where someone donates something and your first reaction is to like
Find some way to be upset about it. I don't care about any other personality trait you have
Yeah, that is like enough for me to be like I don't like you suck. Yeah, I can give you entirely your entire being off of this
Are they just bots? Maybe they're not maybe like the the bull case for humanity is the person that was
Oh, you know, it was kind of weird the person that was that initially like
kicked that off was the founder of front and masters, I think
Oh, really, but not like a rando kicked off the
the negative
attention on center. Yeah, it's funny because like
He did that thing where he was just he didn't say anything explicitly. He was like
Here's how much they raised in vc. It was like 200 something million
Like clearly he was letting he was like there was a clear implication there
Yeah, but didn't like say explicitly. Like they suck. He just let the reader kind of come to that conclusion
Interesting. I'm experiencing this thing where I've had a bunch of
Ways of doing things or opinions that were a little bit
At least initially they were like maybe counterculture or like a little bit opposite or contrarian
You say you take things like working remotely at some at some point that was like pretty contrarian
You take like not going a typical vc path. That was like at some point kind of contrarian
But enough time has gone by where they're no longer contrarian. There's like a lot of people that
buy into that stuff. Yeah, but now i'm finding those people extremely annoying
I don't know what to do. It's like
Uh for a while it was very like, you know
Not into the whole vc thing and now there's a lot of people that are like
Like looking for alternative ways, but I find them extremely annoying
They're like they're on my side, but they're like representing it and like they're really stupid and annoying way
Yeah, you can't talk about that. So now i'm gonna be i'm gonna be pro vc now because like
Yeah, you just want to go against those annoying people
Yeah
Which just makes me wonder if I ever had any rationale or if I was just if i'm just one of those people that just want to do the opposite
You're always just contrarian. You just want to be the opposite
You know, you really can sound pretty smart if you just take anything a lot of people are saying and say the opposite
Like just the contrarian thing you can basically just sit there and think for 30 seconds
What does everyone seem to agree on and like oh actually
If you look at it from the other angle and you've said stuff about this in the past like it really comes down to judgment
And there is no like universal truths and anything
It kind of ties into that, right?
Yeah, I think that magic actually because I see people like
Attempt this and like completely miss uh, where they just try to like say the opposite and it's like oh, yeah
It's just a dumb point. I think the key is to look at both sides and explain why both of them are wrong
Yeah, that's the only way to really be contrarian because then you're truly on an island by yourself
If you can pull that off, I think then you can sound smart. Okay. Well, I don't want to sound smart because that sounds like
I can't leave. I just saw my camera. You haven't said anything about my two black eyes
Did you just think ask it? Oh, you're working. Yes. Okay. I couldn't tell it. Maybe it wasn't I thought maybe it wasn't shown up as much on camera
Which you can't see it that much to me. It looks like two little dirt smudges
So, okay, I don't want to be like your face dirty. No, it was swollen yesterday. They're not so swollen now
Uh, got a fight and at a bar and now I'm just kidding
It was a jiu-jitsu
Uh, but I've done jiu-jitsu for like three months and for some reason on back-to-back days
I got one cheek like right below my eye and then the next day got the other cheek
Apparently I can't like I came back after two weeks. I was sick. You know, I haven't trained for a while
Came back and apparently I'm really bad at defending my face, which I didn't know is a thing. You can't hit the nose. No, just uh
Maybe I don't know. I thought black eyes happened because like you get hit in the nose and the blood like leaks out
Well, it's not really a black eye like it's below my eye area. It's kind of more on my cheek. Does it hurt?
Yeah, it did it first. It was just this one was pretty swollen. The other one's pretty small
I'm kind of confusing because you're not getting punched into it. Well, no, that's what I can't figure out is
I don't know like I don't know how
It happened to my face. I think somebody was on top of me and just they're ghee
Maybe drove into my my face a little bit
I don't know, but it never happened to me in three months of training and then back-to-back days
Got both my face cheeks. I should say face cheeks
Yeah, the audio only format, you know
Uh whenever you say gee, it's like funny to me because I think about like clarified butter, you know, because I'm sure you guys
don't know
Yeah, like g h e yeah, that's not how you spell it. Yeah. No, it's just g i g
Which is really hard when i'm like trying to say plural geese. I'm like my geese and it's like gis. Is that right?
I don't know. Maybe is geese
The thing is how you say it. I don't know. I just never know how to refer to multiple g
Maybe it's like mice. No
Mouse mice. What am I thinking of?
Oxen. No, what am I thinking?
What's the animal that's the same?
It's like deer deer. Yeah, there's not deers. It's just deer
Yes, there's a really funny like uh, I think it's brian rakin skit
About this like trying to explain the rules of english
And it was it goes into that stuff like so you have like
ox
And more than one ox is oxen
So if you have a box. Oh wait, I did see this. I did see this. Yeah, i'm doing a terrible
Is the one with the he has like he has the uh
The clipboard not the clipboard like it's like visual. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah
Like he's writing it out like okay. That makes sense. So yeah, i'm doing a terrible job of
Reenacting it, but so that did remind me for some reason
Uh, did you see that theo is putting together a new course?
No
Wait theo's doing a course. No, no, no, but it's not what you think it's he called. He's calling it dev rel 2.0
And dev rel course. Okay, so he knows a lot about that. Well, it's funny because uh, he's targeting it at
Companies like he's gonna make it very very expensive
So like it's not for like the individual person
Which is to me was very clear from what he posted
But then if i look at the replies is all like individual people being like i can't wait to buy this i'm like
Oh, no, no, he hasn't posted a price. I know the price trust me like the average person is not gonna buy
It makes no sense. Is it like the company buys it for like the whole company?
Like the whole company has access to it. I think that's it's something like that
Some like yeah, it's it's meant to be that the person paying for it as a company
Yeah, it's not like gotcha. I'm an individual trying to be a dev rel person. This is a course for that
It's trying to come a dev rel and get hired. Yeah, no
It's like your strategy as a dev rel company or as a company who has dev rels. Yeah, yeah, and he laid out like
What he shared was a bunch of the chapter titles
Mm-hmm and just based off of those like I think it's all stuff that I agree with. I think it's all stuff that
That we try to do at sst
Yeah, I think it's gonna be really interesting because I like I said I agree with it
I think it's you know most I probably agree with most of it
I think it's probably the right strategy. Yeah, to me
It's one of those things where it's actually very simple and very correct
But I don't think most companies can pull it off
Um, but this is gonna be the first time it's at least spelled out
In a very clear way. Yeah, I mean there's been so little
Like formal anything around dev rel, right? It just kind of like dropped up out of nowhere
And everybody's just kind of winging it
He's calling it dev rel 2.0 because there is like an established somewhat
Sadist quo how you do dev rel is just companies copying other companies and yeah like we need to
but is it effective does this it's not it's not very effective and I think it's actually
I would say harmful best case is neutral worst case. I think I actually hurt your company
I always go back to stripe everyone loves stripe all developers love working with stripe and I've never heard of a stripe dev rel
I'm sure they have them
but like
They just have really good docs and a really good api and like dev's want to use it because they have those things
Is it is that too simplified? I think there's like a spectrum of companies
There's companies that are like stripe where
Okay, you have an api. Your product is an api so you need to make stuff that faces developers
I would say that's like
On the spectrum of stuff in the dev tool world. That's like the lightest way you can
Yeah, I see your sand then the other extreme is something like a gashro where it's like, yeah, you know a much deeper thing whole developer experience. Yeah
yeah, um
and you know obviously there's like
different strategies depending on where you land but
I found the stuff that is targeted at developers like more directly like stuff
That's very important key parts of your framework or like your database or things like that
Yeah, I've overall found like the dev rel approach to be completely ineffective
um
And on some level i'm like a little worry because I feel like we have actually figured it out at sst
And i'm like, I don't I don't want. Oh no, he's gonna make a course that shares your secrets. Oh, no
I mean, it's always stupid to think that way because ultimately what I believe is
This stuff is actually very simple and I don't think even if it's spelled out for
the vast majority of people in this space that
It's actually yeah
I think what with a separate thing what happens is people like in just information and they're really excited by it and they agree with it
And they turn around and they just continue to do the same stuff but now rationalize it
Somehow as like, oh, this is technically i'm technically doing this, but yeah, yeah, they're actually not
Yeah, I was thinking like who's the actual target for some of this
I think any established company I feel like it's a very unlikely for them to be able to change their culture
I think a good target for it is like people founding companies now deciding like what
Do we want to do about this whole part of our business?
I don't think companies should have really think of it as like we need to spin up like dev rel
I feel it's just like not the right way to think about it. Um, yeah
Yeah, and it gets like conflated with marketing too
I think the only part that matters especially for other stage companies is the marketing aspect of it
uh, and it's weird to like
Externalize that into this separate role. Mm-hmm. There's something of a dev rel yourself. You could have made a course
Oh, you could do you're like consulting or something. Yeah one. I mean, it's one of those things where it's like
I have developed a bunch of
Skills while trying to build a company. Yeah, and there's always a pathway for me to like go and
Sell those skills separately from trying to build a company
The underlying implication is I failed at building the company if I go to do that
So it's a nice like fallback if I do fail, but realistically I rather just keep trying
To build another company to build another company until one of them succeeds. So
Yeah, I find this thing with my career where it to me like I get this like clear image of me like
Uh, like sewing seeds and like growing
a bigger and bigger crop
But like never actually harvesting it because I know if I like wait one more year, it'll grow even bigger if I wait
Another girl girl even bigger at some point. I will have to do that if you know the things i'm trying to don't work out
But yeah, the one thing I think I feel like I did write in my careers. I've like deferred that
Like gratification the pay out much. Yeah. Yeah, much longer
And I think the longer you wait the bigger it is once you do decide to
To harvest it. Yeah, it's so much of life, right? Like most good things just come from delaying gratification
Yeah, it's hard to do
Yeah
It's really easy to slip into the like what's the thing that feels best right now?
Yes, but when there's so many there's constantly opportunities like all the time to just get like a quick win
Yeah, and like everyone around you. You also see them taking it and you see their lives
Like progressing in certain ways. So that also makes it makes it challenging
So I want the hardest things about I think one of the hardest things about starting and doing a company is that
Uh, if you're someone that could make a company successful
You're very competent and because you're very competent. There's like a million opportunities always around you. Yeah at any given time
Uh, so it's hard to like
Ignore those and focus on the thing while everyone else around you is kind of taking advantage of them. Yep. That's the hardest part. Yep
I hear you and it is I'm hearing you. I'm thinking am I actually the person you're describing
Well, I mean you did you you I think you're just ahead of me on that like life cycle because you did that already with like you had those years where you
You know
Maybe company, right? Yeah
No, I definitely did but yeah, because you you went from making a good amount of money consulting
To that. I'm not making any money for a while. Yeah. Yeah, I did that. Yeah. Yeah, so that's kind of the phase I'm in right now
Yeah, I'm always trying to figure this out. It was ever since Aaron said
That's him. I retired
I said to bring that in because last time we said it
He he said something on twitter
Yeah, man. That's such an impact on you. Do you not want to be retired? Uh, I don't maybe I do want to be retired. I don't want to perceive
I don't want to be retired. I really enjoy what I do
Uh, like I can't imagine ever stopping
Doing stuff with technology. Uh, I do wish like just and this is a more societal thing not like my specific case
I wish there was some way society could have been oriented in such a way that when your kids are young
You could have more time with them and like you're not
Putting off your livelihood or like lessening
Your opportunities by spending time with your young kids because it's like this weird like peak of your career peak of your like family
Potential all at the same time and it's just like what do you do with that?
I'm just kind of like you're going to look back and you're going to be retired when your kids are gone and be like
All those years
I could have just been chilling with them and then working now
I'm not going to lose my mind at 50 like I'm still going to be able to do this stuff. I don't know
Yeah, it's just hard though because like you need to build up that foundation
Yeah
And it's like anytime delayed. Yeah, I don't see I don't see any solutions. I don't I don't know that there is
I just it sucks that that's the way things work. Well, I have this funny thing where
Because people live all kinds of lives. So my landlord super interesting crazy quirky weird dude
I saw this video that video. So my doorbell camera
Captured footage of him. Okay with his consent or without without I mean he's it's there. It's not hidden like he knows it's there
but I mean there's a reason I didn't post it publicly but
I did share it with my team because so he's in his 50s
I would guess he's probably worth like maybe close to 10 million or something like that
He owns
Like a bunch of houses in my neighborhood and the the values in that neighborhood have gone up like crazy in the past by the 10 years
But he's worth a lot of money
Okay
And he randomly showed up to my house to like bleach my deck
To like clean it
Wow
And you see him like going insane with his broom just like grunting and just like
Just working super hard and cleaning the crap out of this. And I'm like, yeah
This is a guy in his 50s and he's worth like a crazy amount of money and like look how hard he's worked
It was like an inspiring thing to me to see like the amount of energy and vitality he has
Wow
His age and like when he should just be relaxing
The other interesting part is he just had a baby
He had a baby girl
Oh, wow
Like a month ago
And he has two other kids that are like under four years old
Oh, maybe that he's got three kids total and they're all under five kids late in life
Yeah, uh and his wife's a lot younger
But he was he was talking to Liz the other day and he was like he actually
Likes the way his life turned out because he's like
He does work hard
But he's had a phase of his life where everything's set up
And he spends a lot of time with his kids and he's got a lot of energy still like he's like he's very very alive for his age
Yeah, so there's a good trade-off right like he's not gonna
See he might not see his grandkids because like age wise
Yeah, yeah, like that doesn't work out
But he gets to spend a lot of really active time with his kids because like they're fantastic really really well set up
There's no like big thing. He's gonna
Do in the do still in his career. Yeah, there is that season
I guess like that's what retirement is if if that exists for us
It's just where you're not really trying to like start new companies or trying to
Like bigger and bigger the biggest thing you will do is already kind of been done. Yeah
But yeah, so he like retired and then I mean he's not really retired but like he's pseudo retired and then he died kids
He kind of got to do what you said in reverse. Yeah, the reverse thing. Yeah, I don't know why that would be
I guess like traditionally
A lot of like manual labor. It just makes sense to do that when you're younger, which is when people generally have kids
But yeah, I guess you could have kids at an older age. Yeah, I mean if you're a man, I guess
Yeah, man. Uh-huh. Yeah, that sucks. Okay, but I mean, yeah, so the two things one
He did that and two like it's just so weird imagining someone so rich like
Doing in such intense manual labor. Yeah, but yeah, just get an impressive interesting weird guy
This is in Miami or did you say it was in New York? No, this is in Miami. This is our car in your current. Okay. Gotcha
You still are you still have the apartment up there? Yeah, we do. We're like
We're like just getting squeezed from every every angle
I mean, these are going up attacks
The more you can't sell it. I can't remember you can't sell it because we're gonna put it on the market
This the next summer
Mm-hmm. Uh because that's when our tenant leases up. We're gonna see if someone buys it really
Skeptical that someone's gonna go get a seven percent mortgage to then
Buy this one bedroom apart in New York apartment in New York
For an amount that at least breaks us even on the whole thing. Yeah, yeah, it's like it seems kind of unlikely
We're gonna listen and we're gonna see but yeah, we definitely need to get rid of
That thing we moved to Florida and had a house and the Ozarks that we had built
And we spent way too much building it and we we didn't ever think we were gonna get
What we put into it out of it, but we didn't know how much less we were good
We took a huge huge haircut. Is that the word shaving?
Uh that sucked and then what really sucks
This is just Adam's bad at finances. So we build a house. We sell it for I don't know 60% of what we built it for
Wow, and then like three years later when the market was crazy the guy who bought it from us sold it for
Uh 30% more than we put into it. Oh my god. That's fun
Here's the thing there's some people in life where they just nailed the timing is just
For them. I've never been that person. No same like my current landlord
Exactly that he was born in this neighborhood and he slowly acquired houses here and randomly
Without anyone predicting it. It just went through the roof. Yeah, he paid so little for all the houses. He owns
Yeah, yeah, he was blessed by timing. I never had that
I was terrible at it and like in that case we built the house thinking it was our forever home
We were never gonna leave it. So we didn't care how much it costs and like we're not gonna sell it
But then like a few years past we had a kid and case you just want to be somewhere warm
It's like okay. We're doing it. Yeah, it's just like is that impulsiveness? Maybe is that why timing is ever on my side?
I don't know. I'm I'm bad at the timing. I think that to me is maybe the opposite of impulsiveness in some ways like you
Thought you were never gonna be you thought like things would never change but then they come out
I never really do that's another thing that I've gone through a few things in my life where sometimes I'll like
Be so into some way of living or something and I can't imagine ever not wanting that
Yeah, and then inevitably I like start to want something different. Yeah after it's crazy
Yeah, and you kind of almost forget that like you used to have that as part of your life
Yeah, when it seemed like such a fundamental thing like for me lard bars. I used to eat like three lard bars a day
months
I remember I used to
I used to say to myself like how am I not like 20 pounds overweight when I ate like three lard bars a day
And now I've lost 20 pounds and I don't eat lard bars like oh
I'm going to this funny thing where I am the heaviest. I've ever been in my life
Uh, but not I don't think I'm overweight. I think I'm just like going to go to the gym more
But I'm trying to get to 1.5 x my body weight
Quoting
but oh squatting
I just heard you say I thought you were saying you're trying to gain like be one and a half
I was like that's a lot of weight gain. What are you gonna do with all that?
Okay squatting one and a half
That's like my goal. Like I think I got to do that. I'm gonna be satisfied and kind of maintain that
But my weight just keeps going up as I get
Like my target is shifted so much
That's funny. And I like is it even possible? Like am I just gonna keep getting weight, but eventually it's got taper off, right?
Yeah
Yeah, but it is funny because like I I hadn't weighed myself in several months
And I've been noticing that I'm like hitting like new highs and all my lifts and it's like kind of been easy
And I weighed myself. I'm like, oh, I'm like
literally
My my scale keeps track of like every single data point and we weigh yourself
It shows a next data point. It's shot up by like 15 pounds because I had I gained 15 pounds the last time I
I weighed myself. Oh since the last time. Yeah
Have you ever been so much heavier or lighter than it didn't know it was you like it because we have multiple people in the household
So it's like me and Casey and it like after you stand out for a second
It like lights up like ADA like that's me. Okay, and then one time I got on there and I was I can't remember what direction
But I was so different from the last time I had weighed it was like two years later or something
I didn't know who it was. It was like question mark
It's just nobody in your household
Yeah, but I was like, okay. This is why like all my
Okay, it's been easy to gym because I just
That's so much of it like if you're just bigger. You can just love mine. I know it makes sense like yeah
The bigger people just get that for free. How do you when you lift like you do like programs
Like for squatting you want to get to 1.5 extra weight. What is your like a process?
I do something very very simple and I've been doing this for years and it's worked for me
I just do three sets when I'm in a gym
Uh first two sets are five reps and the last set is as many as I can do
Oh, and I increase by five pounds every single day every time
I go in there unless I can't
Hit five on the last like if you can't yeah, if you're not hitting it then you drop it down. Yeah
and
It's like extremely slow progression. I mean, but it's it sounds like a good approach
Yeah, it's like very slow progression, but because it's slow like you don't often
Like the lifts actually feel pretty easy every single day. I go. Yeah, it's a little bit challenging
But it's not crazy hard and somehow the next day I can do a little bit more
I feel like I need somebody in there in the gym with me making me do stuff because I remember in high school like football
I was able to lift crazy amount to wait all my lifts were just nuts now looking back being like
How is a 17 year old me?
Able to just like run circles around adult me in terms of weightlifting and it's like oh, yeah
I had like a strength and conditioning coach forcing me to do it all no
I don't think so. I think it's because you were 17 like I remember when I was at age
I was like I could literally run forever. I like never get tired
Just never get tired, but like I I go in the gym now and I just feel very uninspired. It's like
It's even coming up with what I'm gonna work on that day
It's like I know I want to do push stuff today like I'm gonna do bench and I'm gonna do whatever
It's like I just fall into the I don't know three by five or five by five or whatever
And I'm just gonna raise the weight a little bit. That's what I mean. It's all I do too
Yeah, it just feels like I'm not like pushing myself the way I would push myself if someone made me do something
I didn't want to do but like are you still increasing?
Yeah, I do plateau pretty often. I feel like
I'll go good for like two three weeks
And then I feel like I'm not really progressing and it's hard to do any more weight that kind of stuff
If you plateau, you probably have to switch it up somehow if you're trying to grow more because I think for me my goal is
I want to get to a certain level and I'm gonna completely switch it up and try to maintain
So I'm not like trying to get to like some crazy
High weight really. Yeah, I'm not either. I mean there's certain things I wish
Uh, that I could do like that I could do when I was younger
But I'm not like I have no specific goals really. I just want to be stronger mostly for jiu-jitsu. Just want to
Yeah, I don't know. That makes sense. I really like uh adam wathans
Uh routine, but I want to do that until I'm at like I hit all like my base
What's his routine calls?
It's like it's pretty simple like he just walks with a weighted vest and he does some kind of like uh circuit with like pull-ups and
Just like very basic things that you don't need to go to a gym for. Yeah with a weighted vest
My gym is very close and very convenient, but I would really like to just work out at home
Yeah, and all the stuff he does I could just do at home, but
You like need to I don't think you can like just do that. I think you need like it's what you're in
Level and then that's what you do for maintenance. Mm. Yeah
But yeah, I'm like working towards being able to do that and the the walking with a weighted vest also
I get like wogs who go and like kind of kills two birds. Yeah, I do that
We have a rec vest. I do a lot of those. It's nice. What how much harder is it like does it actually like
meaningfully make a difference it depends like
If I do it with 30 pounds, I can walk three or four miles and I know early on when I was first doing it
I noticed it like my heart it was higher than if I just did a walk without it
But if you do like 50 60 pounds now we're talking like I do a mile and I I want it off my shoulders
And I'm sweating like I'm I'm feeling it. What does it feel like? They feel like running or does it feel like something else?
Something else. I mean it doesn't I hate running. I don't feel like I ever need to stop
When I'm walking with a rec vest. It's just like the pain on my shoulders
Just overall the exhaustion like I'm ready to be done. Like I can't go further than a mile or so
With a lot of weight and how does it work? It comes with weights that you put in yeah
So like we have one from go rec and it just has like a
a plate
Like slot slot. Yeah is the word. I guess and then you buy the plates different weights
I see yeah, and you can you can go up to like 50 60 pounds
So I think the plates
I think the the heaviest plate is 30
But the one we have is like a backpack
So I put the 30 pound in the slot and then I put a 20 pound just in the backpack in the back of it
So it's not ideal in terms of the way the weights distributed on your back, but it works
I see
Okay, interesting. Yeah, I want to get into that. It's nice. It's just like makes walks more meaningful
It gives you like a little more bang for your buck. It's really nice walking around here
So it's it's a good option and yeah, I just want to understand like if it actually made that much of a difference is yeah
If you put enough weight in there, I get to sweating
I mean, it's it's very different from a walk even just with the lighter weight for me
It's like you can look at the heart rate charts and it's definitely a higher heart rate than if I walked without it
I'm gonna put it on Zuko's vest too. He's got a little he's got a little vest
It's actually it has like slots for things so I can wait him to get him tired more tired
It's hard to get big dogs like that. Yeah, actually I'm not joking. It's like a thing that people do
They like yeah, it makes sense. We waited wait it walks for their dogs. Yeah, you gotta wear them out
Big dogs like that the young dogs especially they got energy
I've been doing this thing where uh, I tried to sprint across my front yard and like juke came out
And I go back and forth and so it's just funny thing where like he'll fall for any fake
Very easy, but he can recover instantly. So it's like it's very challenging
Like I do like spin moves. I gotta do like a head fake and all that
It's fun. I'm gonna put together a highlight video. Oh, yes, please
Let's get that on twitter ASAP. Maybe that'll start a trend everybody juke in their dogs
Uh, you ever gonna stream again?
I think about it like twice a week. Yeah, like
I actually cleaned up my office and I actually plugged in my other camera. Like I got all ready
I fixed my overlays. They were kind of broken. Whoa, that's a lot of steps. I know I might start straight
Well, it was one morning. I couldn't sleep and I woke up like 230 and I just started doing all this
I might get back into it
We'll see
I'm gonna do it at least once before uh twitch con which is next week. It's just Thursday. Oh, yeah when you're leaving
Uh, thursday next week next week. Okay. Yes. I gotta like I gotta keep myself busy that week
So I don't see you know watch the twitter feed. It's gonna be so it's everybody. I can't believe
How many dev streamers like?
It's you and it's teach they're the only people that I know that are developers streaming that aren't gonna be there
It's nuts. I wish I was doing like a surprise arrival. I'm not I wish you were too. I wish it
I'm gonna hold on to hope that it might happen. Oh, it's not happening. Okay
flights to vega, so
Shockingly cheap really I mean vegas is awful. It's
Kind of the worst so my meat to vegas route. I think is very
Popular
Oh, yeah flights are very cheap. Oh, yeah, I guess more people doing it makes it cheaper. That makes sense
Yeah, I think they might even be like
Up to die somehow by the casinos or something. It's like oh wow. It's like stupid cheap
Doesn't make any sense. Oh
It's not stupid cheap to fly from those arcs to anywhere because we have to connect to stay there and never leave
That's basically the plan. Yeah, you're gonna move if you live somewhere like that. You just gotta stay there
Yeah, nobody else wants to see you around just stop it
All right, I gotta pee. That's always the ending
Oh, we did it one exactly one hour like one zero zero and some seconds, but who's counting?
All right, see you next yep
You